Add docs to cover toggling hats (#733)
cursorless-dev/cursorless: docs/user/customization.md

Now when you say eg "push down air and bat", cursorless will first select the two tokens with a gray hat over the `a` and `b`, then issue the VSCode command `editor.action.moveLinesDownAction`, and then restore your original selection.

## Toggling "hat" display

> Most users, often after less than a week of using Cursorless, do not find the hat display over tokens to be obtrustive. However, should you need to remove the display of hats within your editor, there is a command registered for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to show / hide the hats with a command.  Keep in mind that many users, often after less than a week using Cursorless, find that their brain starts to tune out the hat display. Some start to miss them when they're gone 🥲

However, should you like to show / hide the hats within your editor, you can use the following approach.
```

- Bring up the command pallet(`Shift + CMD + P`).
- Enter `cursorless.toggleDecorations` or type `Cursorless Toggle` to see the command in the dropdown.

> Use the same steps above to reenable hat positioning. During the time when hats are not positioned, you will not be able to address any marks, eg. `take air`. However, Cursorless will still recognize scopes, eg. `take funk`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should also be able to find the above command by saying `"please toggle"`.  The same command can be repeated to turn the hats back on.  

While the hats are hidden, you will not be able to address any marks, eg `"take air"`. However, Cursorless will still recognize scopes, eg `"take funk"`.

If you'd like to map a voice command to toggle the hats, have a look at https://youtu.be/oWUJyDgz63k
```
